Bill Peterson: Whenever I think
of circumstantial evidence,
ladies and gentleman, I think of snow.
Think about this.
You're standing at your picture window.
It's cold outside.
Below 30 degrees, typical winter evening.
Gray, overcast skies.
You're looking outside
and it begins to snow
and you watch it snow.
And it snows and snows and snows.
And it gets deep.
It's four or five inches on the ground
while you're standing there,
and then you quit.
Nobody has to tell you it's snowing.
Same circumstances.
Looking out of your window,
a blustery, cold night.
Gray, overcast skies and you go to bed.
Next morning you wake up and there's
four or five inches of snow on the ground.
Nobody has to tell you it snowed.
It snowed.
But you didn't see it snow.
If you take...
the defendant's position...
"I plead not guilty...
"I didn't do it..."
For that to be true,
there would have to be two other males
and they have both pubic and head hair
that are consistent with the defendants.
And that they got together
in the early morning hours...
on December 8th, 1982...
and ended up in Debbie Carter's...
apartment.
That's incredible.
Or...
there's a giant conspiracy going on...
between the OSBI...
witnesses...
and the District Attorney's office.
Lawyer: Donna Haraway had been receiving
obscene and harassing phone calls
at McAnally's.
Did you disclose that testimony
to George Butner?
Bill Peterson: I have no idea.
Lawyer: Is that the type of material
that you would disclose to Mr. Butner?
Bill Peterson: I can't say that I would,
I can't say that I wouldn't.
At this point in time, I don't know.
Lawyer: Did the defense attorney
have full access to the prosecutorial?
Bill Peterson: I can't answer that. He
did not have access to my prosecutorial.
Lawyer: Did you provide him
a copy of the prosecutorial?
Bill Peterson: I have no recollection
of doing that one way or another.
Lawyer: As a matter of policy,
did you provide--
Bill Peterson: No, I did not.
Bill Peterson: We had an open file policy.
If it was in my office,
they could come and access it.
I felt no obligation
to dig through the files
for the defense attorney
to determine what is
or what is not exculpatory.
My opinion of what might be exculpatory
may be totally different, or not,
from the defense attorney's.
I've read your depositions
and a lot of it deals with the flow of
information between the cops and the DA.
And it reads a little bit
like a system of plausible deniability.
Do you think
it was a it was a big cover-up, Tommy?
I think so, yes.
Dennis Smith, for instance,
he was the main ringleader.
And Dennis, he was coming up
for retirement and things
and here he had the Haraway case,
the Carter case, and he'd not been able
to solve nothing.
And he wanted a name for himself
before he retired.
Rusty Featherstone: Can you tell me
what her blouse looked like
that she was wearing?
White with little blue... roses on it.
Detective: Did it have any lace
around the collar?
Yes, it had ruffles around the collar,
like the front.
He said that he tried to go
with Debbie Carter...
and she wouldn't have
nothing to do with him.
And he said that if she'd have just
went ahead and went with him,
he wouldn't have killed her.
Lawyer: Did you ever hear him describe
or talk about any of the details
of Debbie Carter's death?
He said he shoved a Coke bottle up her ass
and her panties down her throat.
Ron Williamson: You are lying!
I ain't ever said anything like that
in my life!
I did not kill this girl.
I call you a liar!
Jason Holland:
My mom was in this biker gang.
And she was third from the top,
hierarchy. Okay?
We were headed to my house
to play poker.
And we needed change...
so we stopped at McAnally's
to get change for the poker game.
I pulled up with my...
I was in my pickup.
Older nephew, Lenny,
went inside the store.
As he went in, a couple came out.
Didn't appear to be any struggle
or anything like that.
Well, I'd already seen...
They'd shown me a picture
right after they just arrested him.
I said, "Well, that looks like the guy."
I said, "If I see him in person,
I could probably say for sure."
So they went over to the jail...
and had the jailer bring him out.
And as soon as I saw Tommy come out...
it hit me that, you know, that's him.
And then, after that...
they told me
they were going to have a line-up.
And they asked me
to pick out the one that...
So I picked out Tommy Ward.
It tainted the line-up.
Everyone deserves
a good defense and a fair trial.
And I don't really feel
like he had a fair trial.
And I wanted to do more than I could do.
I didn't have any...
insight...
into the situation.
I'd hate to think that I...
contributed to putting
an innocent man in jail.
The whole system's broken.
They all work together.
The District Attorney's Office is the hub.
I think the police overstep their bounds.
Just a lot of things that were wrong.
And you said Titsdale?
-Titsworth.
-Okay.
-Odell?
-Odell.
They also claim police and prosecutors
withheld over 800 pages of records
from Haraway's disappearance and death.
Lawyer: You don't believe
that there is any
modicum, scintilla
of an alternate suspect?
Bill Peterson: No.
Lawyer: It's your testimony that you
do not know who Floyd Degraw is?
Bill Peterson: I have no idea.
Kim Byars: That's Billy Charley.
Thomas Ward.
Hello.
How are you doing?
Oh, okay. Hanging in there.
Yeah, I have been going over everything
and, well, everything, to my knowledge,
you know, sounds really good.
He did an outstanding job on it, you know.
I just keep saying my prayers, you know,
that something will come through
to reveal my innocence, you know.
There's so many people out there,
you know, that believe in me and care.
And I pray that something positive
comes out in the end, you know.
To get out of here
and be able to be with my family...
and enjoy the remainder of my life
that I have left anyway, you know.
Take care.
It's sure good to hear your voice.
Take care. Many blessings.Bye, bye.
Everything that has to be said
or needs to be said,
I'm sure it's documented somewhere.
They just keep dragging it back up
and dragging it back up
and dragging it back up.
So, you know, it depends
on what side of the fence you're on.
You're either the hero or the goat.
And, like I say, I'm just tired.
You know, whenever you see a movie
on the television,
they always get the right guy.
And if they've mistakenly
got the wrong guy,
it winds up at the end, you know,
they get the right guy.
It's not like in the movies, you know.
You know, in this field,
they get the wrong guy
and it's just never-ending.